welcome to module 1 lesson 11 landing
page review this is the sixth step of
the apart Google ads audit checklist
let's open up our audit checklist
template and get back into it all right
so landing page review this is
imperative remember it's half traffic
half your landing page right the panut
butter jelly example we need both in
order to have success so landing page
review highly recommend that you deep
dive on your pages individually as you
go through this so I'll be using the the
Zoho example here for you but first
things first is are you mirroring the
message from your ad on your lighting
page are you creating the message match
so if I look here and I'm going to use
this example serum software click on the
ad it talks about serum software goes to
the page all about serum software right
so this is all around about CRM and you
know how it works and how they compare
their value proposition and everything
like that which is great so I'm going to
mark that
complete next step is can the Searcher
understand what you do and and why in 5
seconds or less this is called the
5-second rule and in the conversion rate
optimization world this is essentially a
test that you want to run where if you
just look at the above the fold section
in 5 Seconds of landing on this page can
they understand what you do and why well
you know essentially why they should
care so just looking at this really
quickly what information I gather from
the above the fold is that um they're
claiming they're the world's favorite
CRM and that uh they they Empower a
network of 250,000 businesses in 180
countries to convert more leads engage
customers and grow their revenue so at a
high level I can understand what they do
and why I should care and I can also
understand the primary call to action
here right to to get started and to to
do a free trial really what you're going
after here is you don't want to be vague
like there's a lot of landing pages that
are so vague you land on them you have
no idea what's going on and then you're
expecting the person to scroll through
to get that essential context you don't
want that to be the case you need to
answer those big questions above the
fold as soon as possible and then earn
the scroll where you can tell more of
the
story so I'm going to go ahead and Mark
this
complete next is your landing page
loading fast enough so if you actually
go into your workbook I linked here page
speed insights by Google this is a great
tool you can just drop your url here and
it'll scan it and it'll give you a bunch
of recommendations on how to improve
your landing page speed uh just a simple
thing is if you have any images on your
page just making sure that you compress
the images so it reduces the file size
so there's a bunch of technical uh
insights you can glean from page speed
Insight so I recommend just running your
page through it and then applying
anything that's applicable you're
probably going to need the help of a
developer here uh but it's definitely
worthwhile to improve the the page speed
because that's a big factor as well in
terms of your landing page experience
for Quality
score okay next up
is uh do you have one clear call to
action on your landing page that mirrors
your ad so using our example here the
answer is yes my ad is talking about
serum software and I come here and
they're talking about serum software so
it's pretty great uh they could be a
little bit more explicit as well but um
but I think it's it gets the job done
right like if I'm looking for serum
software and like I land here
I can see you know this is this is a
little bit of a vague headline though
it's like build Everlasting customer
relationships with the world's favorite
CRM I would make their headline more
problem
centered uh and then more problem and
and solution oriented because remember
these people who are searching serum
software they are they are you know
they're problem aware they know they
need a serum software but they're just
looking for the right solution so I
would try to match that a little bit
more versus being a little bit vague
here and making a big claim of like
build Everlasting customer relationships
with the world's favorite CRM I think
this could be an opportunity to test
different headlines uh moving
on just remember at the end of the day
it's all about being clear credibility
right you want to be credible and
especially in B2B there's so many big
bald vague claims and the way that
people are going to actually believe you
is by being specific so the more
specific you can be and the more dialed
into a core problem that you can connect
that specificity to the better off uh
things will be for you are you
communicating benefits answering
objections and providing a call to
action so in this case when you scroll
through this page they do a good job of
communicating benefits throughout the
page and having a call to action of get
a trial but uh what a good thing I love
about this page is they they are
answering the objections
so they added a section here around like
how serum can help you which is really
helpful because maybe somebody isn't
100% aware yet of like all of the the
scope of how serum can fit in your
business in addition to this they're
talking about like why choose them
specifically and then how you can
integrate and then how it Compares with
other providers which is fantastic and
then they also listed pricing here which
is probably a big objection that people
have so they show their pricing in
relation to their competitors which I
think is a really great job and then
they have their uh CTA button here like
it's a sticky bar that just follows you
throughout the page so you can always
click sign up for free and it just
shoots you back up to the top so it's
really easy to opt in so that's a really
good example of a solid page here and I
highly recommend that you talk with your
sales team to get insights on different
objections that come up in the sales
process where you can potentially add
sections on your landing page to
proactively communicate against those
objections so that that you can actually
drive more quality leads I'm going to
mark this
complete okay does your form chatbot or
online booking widget still work so this
is as simple as just come in here so
submit a fake test lead and just see
does it actually route into your CRM go
look for your lead record is the page
broken what is the experience look like
and then just do an audit of that
process because I can't tell you how
many times people think they're campaign
are failing and then something just
broke on the technical side and it's
really unfortunate so just go ahead and
audit your landing page workflow and
that's it those are the key steps here
for this section of the Google ads audit
checklist for the landing page review
your action item for this lesson is to
review your lighting pages and Mark each
completed step within the checklist
template I hope you received a ton of
value so far please share AC conversion
with your colleagues or leave us
testimonial we appreciate your help
spreading the word see you in the next
one
[Music]